# XCode Editor for Unity

## OVERVIEW

The purpose of this project is to allow editing an XCode 4 project.

This project is based upon the python project **Mod PBXProj** by Calvin Rien (http://the.darktable.com/). Due to the recent addiction of PostProcessBuild attribute to Unity, I found much useful having a C# version of the library.


## INSTALLATION

Clone this repo somewhere under Assets/Editor in your project. If your project is not yet checked into git, then you'll need to do the appropriate setup and add this as a submodule (google: git-submodule).

If you already use git for your project, then just add this as a submodule.


## LICENSE

This code is distributed under the terms and conditions of the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2012 Daniele Cariola

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.